1. ‘Language is the soul of a nation, not merely a medium of communication,’ says Union Minister Amit Shah

2. India refuses to sign joint statement in SCO summit

3. Zohran Mamdani: the Indian-origin Democrat candidate for Mayor who hopes to make New York affordable

4. Iran-Israel conflict LIVE: Khamenei hails ‘victory’ for Iran in first remarks since ceasefire

5. Axiom-4 mission: Dragon spacecraft docks with International Space Station

6. Kangana Ranaut, Congress’s Singhvi slams Zohran Mamdani’s pro-Pak rhetoric

7. Jammu and Kashmir: Encounter between terrorists, security forces breaks out in Udhampur

8. Ahmedabad Air India plane crash: Data extraction from black boxes, analysis of cockpit voice recorder in progress

9. India

10. Morning Digest: Used trade deal threat to get India-Pakistan ceasefire, claims Trump again; Pilgrims visit Mount Kailash, Mansarovar after six-year wait, and more

11. Top news of the day: CBSE approves twice-a-year Class 10 board exams from 2026; Axiom-4 mission with India’s Shubhanshu Shukla begins journey to ISS, and more

12. Morning Digest: Netanyahu declares ‘historic’ win, vows to campaign against Iran axis, Hamas; Railways considers marginal hike in fares from July 1, and more

13. Top News of the Day: Trump accuses both Israel and Iran of violating ceasefire plan; Election Commission responds to Rahul Gandhi’s Maharashtra poll rigging allegations, and more

14. Morning Digest: Trump announces Iran-Israel ceasefire after Iran attacks U.S. bases in Qatar, Iraq; Shashi Tharoor’s praise of PM Modi exposes Rahul Gandhi says BJP, and more

15. Top news of the day: Congress wrests Nilambur in Kerala, AAP wins in Gujarat; U.S. extends social media to non-immigrant visa applicants, and more

16. Morning Digest: India debunks claims of U.S. using Indian airspace for Iran strikes; Iranian Parliament votes to close vital Strait of Hormuz after U.S. attack on nuclear sites, and more

17. Top News of the Day: PM Modi calls for ‘immediate de-escalation’ after the U.S. bombs nuclear sites in Iran; NIA arrests two for harbouring Pahalgam attack terrorists, and more

18. Morning Digest: Trump says U.S. struck 3 Iranian nuclear sites joining Israeli air campaign; Jaishankar says India shouldn’t expect smooth sailing all time with neighbour countries, and more

19. Top news of the day: DGCA asks Air India to remove three officials from roles related to crew rostering; In poll-bound Bihar, Nitish Kumar hikes social security pension to ₹1,100 per month, and more

20. Morning Digest: 290 Indian students from Iran arrive in Delhi; PM Modi in Vizag for International Day of Yoga event, and more

21. Morning Digest: Trump to decide on U.S. action in Israel-Iran conflict within two weeks; Dayanidhi Maran sends legal notice to brother Kalanithi Maran over Sun TV shares, and more

22. Top news of the day: Inquiry committee concludes that cash was found in Justice Varma’s storeroom; Israel’s Defence Minister says Iran’s Khamenei ‘cannot continue to exist’, and more

23. Morning Digest: Over 100 Indian students evacuated from Iran arrive in Delhi; U.S. President Trump hosts Pak Army Chief Munir, and more

